README.md, before:

# greven-web
Research group website for Martin Greven's group at the University of Minnesota.

## About
This GitHub repository is used for developing and maintaining our group webpage. As of this writing, it is a public repository which anyone can see, so keep that in mind when making changes and submitting feedback.

## Viewing the web page
There are several ways to view the web page:
  * [View the page on the web.](https://rawgit.com/Z2h-A6n/greven-web/master/index.html "Home page via RawGit")
  * Download the contents of this repository and view the page on your local computer. Use the "Clone or Download" button in the upper right.


## Submitting Feedback
We can track suggestions and corrections to the webpage using GitHub's issue-tracking feature. Doing this will help keep development and maintenance organized. To use this feature, click on the "Issues" tab.

## Editing the webpage
To edit the webpage, you should download the files onto your computer and make changes there. If you'd like the changes to be incorporated into the master copy, you may need to learn how to use git and GitHub for version control. If you're just interested in having a copy to play around with, you can click the "Clone or Download" button in the upper left.

## Development
At some point there will be some information here about the organization of this repository and some guidelines for developing, maintaining and deploying the webpage.

Commit message:

Added link to current site to README.md, fixed grammar
Added a link to the current group webpage, and changed "webpage" to "website" where appropriate.

README.md, after:

# greven-web
Research group website for Martin Greven's group at the University of Minnesota.

## About
This GitHub repository is used for developing and maintaining our group website. As of this writing, it is a public repository which anyone can see, so keep that in mind when making changes and submitting feedback.

Currently, this repository contains a future version of the site; you can see the current site [here](http://groups.physics.umn.edu/grevengroup/index.html "Current Greven Group Website").

## Viewing the site
There are several ways to view the website:
  * [View it on the web.](https://rawgit.com/Z2h-A6n/greven-web/master/index.html "Home page via RawGit")
  * Download the contents of this repository and view the site on your local computer. Use the "Clone or Download" button in the upper right.


## Submitting Feedback
We can track suggestions and corrections to the webpage using GitHub's issue-tracking feature. Doing this will help keep development and maintenance organized. To use this feature, click on the "Issues" tab.

## Editing the website
To edit the website, you should download the files onto your computer and make changes there. If you'd like the changes to be incorporated into the master copy, you may need to learn how to use git and GitHub for version control. If you're just interested in having a copy to play around with, you can click the "Clone or Download" button in the upper left.

## Development
At some point there will be some information here about the organization of this repository and some guidelines for developing, maintaining and deploying the webpage.
